# tf.keras.Input

## 简介

```python
tf.keras.Input(
    shape=None,
    batch_size=None,
    name=None,
    dtype=None,
    sparse=None,
    tensor=None,
    ragged=None,
    type_spec=None,
    **kwargs
)
```

`Input()` 用来实例化 Keras 张量。

Keras 张量为符号张量对象，指定模型的输入和输出来辅助构建 Keras 模型。

例如，如果 `a`, `b`, `c` 为符号张量，就可以按如下方式构建模型：`model = Model(input=[a, b], output=c)`。

**参数：**

- **shape**

shape tuple，不包含 batch size。例如，`shape=(32,)` 表示输入是 32 维向量。该 tuple 的元素可以用 `None` 特定维度 shape 未知。

- **batch_size** : optional

静态 batch size (integer)

name	An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
dtype	The data type expected by the input, as a string (float32, float64, int32...)
sparse	A boolean specifying whether the placeholder to be created is sparse. Only one of 'ragged' and 'sparse' can be True. Note that, if sparse is False, sparse tensors can still be passed into the input - they will be densified with a default value of 0.
tensor	Optional existing tensor to wrap into the Input layer. If set, the layer will use the tf.TypeSpec of this tensor rather than creating a new placeholder tensor.
ragged	A boolean specifying whether the placeholder to be created is ragged. Only one of 'ragged' and 'sparse' can be True. In this case, values of 'None' in the 'shape' argument represent ragged dimensions. For more information about RaggedTensors, see this guide.
type_spec	A tf.TypeSpec object to create the input placeholder from. When provided, all other args except name must be None.
**kwargs	deprecated arguments support. Supports batch_shape and batch_input_shape.

## 参考

- https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/Input
